c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.BLL.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.BLL.pdb
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.IDAL.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.IDAL.pdb
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\obj\Debug\EasySystem.BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\obj\Debug\EasySystem.BLL.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\obj\Debug\EasySystem.BLL.pdb
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.DAL.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.DALContainer.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.IBLL.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.Model.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.DAL.pdb
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.DAL.dll.config
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.DALContainer.pdb
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.IBLL.pdb
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.Model.pdb
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EasySystem.Model.dll.config
c:\users\lin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EasySystem\EasySystem.BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
